hey guys it's Jim here I want you guys
to meet the newest member of my pack my
family this is Remy Remy his little
beagle he's 7 months old and he's very
sleepy right now unfortunately just woke
him up from a nap which was a bad idea
cuz he's very tired and wants to sleep
but he is so precious and my wife and I
we got him two days ago ah we are so
excited to have him here at home um he's
just the cutest little thing I've ever
seen and he's been really really good so
I know I was teasing for a long while
about you know big big change in my life
um and uh you know big a big thing that
was happening and this is this is it
this is it so we wanted a puppy for a
long time we we decided that he look
he's just gonna go to sleep he's just
gonna sleep on me in the video this is
perfect we decided that now is the right
time to get one um and we're very very
excited stuff you guys Oh easy onon if
you guys want to see more of Remy follow
me on instagram I'm gonna be posting
photos of him on Instagram um I will be
also probably I will be posting videos
of him on this channel too but I have
some of really fun ideas like as he
grows up and gets older for a little
like series and fun little things to do
with him um so if you guys actually want
to follow me on my second channel I
gonna be doing a lot over there with him
coming up uh he's definitely changed my
whole workflow so there may end up being
days where I just don't get videos out
um as I'm trying to raise this little
guy you know my wife's in med school so
she's gonna be working uh and I'm gonna
be home all day cuz obviously YouTube is
my job so I also now have a second job
and that's raising this little guy so um
we just love him so much he's he's been
a whole lot of fun and I wanted to share
this with you guys and introduce him to
you guys because he is going to be a big
part of my channel moving forward
so like I said he's only seven weeks old
right now he's super super young um and
he's literally he's just sleeping right
now he's a little wake please he's so
tired he just wants to sleep so I'm
gonna go take him back down to his
little area so he can go sleep but um
when did you guys to meet Remy and he's
a little camera shy well we love Him
we're so excited
follow me on instagram follow me on my
second channel uh stay subscribed here
if you want to see stuff cuz well I'll
definitely doing stuff with him on her
main channel too but thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed and
I hope you guys can fall in love with
him too because I want to train them and
raise them up to be a really good dog so
yeah love you buddy alright guys thanks
so much for watching and I'll see you
guys next time peace